
A/B alpha beta testing in Looker visualization is a way to test different versions of a Looker visualization to see which one performs the best. This can be done by randomly assigning users to see one of the different versions of the visualization and then tracking which version users interact with more.

To perform A/B alpha beta testing in Looker visualization, you will need to:

Create two or more versions of the visualization that you want to test.
Randomly assign users to see one of the different versions of the visualization.
Track which version users interact with more.
You can track which version users interact with more by using Looker's engagement metrics. Engagement metrics track how users interact with your Looker content, such as how many times they view a visualization, how long they spend viewing a visualization, and how many times they click on elements in a visualization.

Once you have collected data on how users interact with the different versions of the visualization, you can use Looker's analytics tools to analyze the data and see which version performs the best.

Dashboarding principle
https://medium.com/@goyalankit28/dash-boarding-fundamentals-prerequisites-process-designing-best-practices-6faef1bf30c0

Looker vs Looker studio
https://medium.com/@heliyahasani/my-experience-with-looker-studio-4fdbb22fd96d

Why do we derive and persist table | Looker | Google Cloud
https://medium.com/bitstrapped/why-do-we-derive-and-persist-table-looker-google-cloud-da0f0cc59749

5 Ways to Configure Looker for Performance and Scalability
https://blog.montrealanalytics.com/top-5-ways-to-configure-your-looker-instance-for-performance-and-scalability-33e6b3bf01b9

Multistage Deployment in Looker (Dev > Stg > Prod)
https://blog.searce.com/multistage-deployment-in-looker-dev-stg-prod-f2103cbcda5f

Provisioning User Permissions and Data Access in Looker
https://blog.montrealanalytics.com/the-complete-toolkit-for-provisioning-user-permissions-and-data-access-in-looker-part-1-ff6ff2f198e0
https://blog.montrealanalytics.com/part-2-the-complete-toolkit-for-provisioning-user-permissions-and-data-access-in-looker-91b67c63a9c4

Different types of looker instances
https://medium.com/google-cloud/looker-self-hosted-installation-on-gcp-7e6a5050784a

Create Contextual Drills in Looker
https://blog.montrealanalytics.com/limit5-create-contextual-drills-in-looker-23a5047297cd

Looker Best Practices
https://medium.com/trendyol-tech/looker-practices-b7f555ba2c99

How to manage users with Looker API using looker sdk in python
https://lukasz-aszyk.medium.com/how-to-manage-users-with-looker-api-64850613570c

Caching and datagroups with lookml
https://agrawalkomal.medium.com/caching-and-datagroups-with-lookml-fae75c427e44

Structure your lookml project
https://medium.com/slateco-blog/how-to-structure-your-lookml-project-5682d178a3ca

Limiting costs on BigQuery and Looker — Batch and Stream analytics
https://medium.com/@renatus18/limiting-costs-on-bigquery-and-looker-batch-and-stream-analytics-fdc4c52c01b

how-to-structure-your-lookml
https://medium.com/slateco-blog/how-to-structure-your-lookml-cac02f1866bb

Looker Email Reports — Making it Flexible with Airflow
https://medium.com/@prabhakaran_arivalagan/looker-email-reports-making-it-flexible-with-airflow-6d96296813e5

Comprehensive Guide to Looker Deployment and Best Practices	
https://medium.com/@prabhakaran_arivalagan/comprehensive-guide-to-looker-deployment-and-best-practices-502ab608949d

How to Implement Row-level Data Security in Looker
https://blog.montrealanalytics.com/limit-5-how-to-implement-row-level-data-security-in-looker-7441919ab2a7
https://blog.searce.com/multi-tenancy-with-row-level-data-security-in-looker-9aab2a6e3724

5 Tips to Optimise your Looker Dashboards
https://medium.com/@gismerojavi/5-tips-to-optimise-your-looker-dashboards-4178685f0b11

